[Onboarding] Make search_indices index details page as default route in index management (#194857)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/plugins/index_management/README.md

- `addToggle(toggle: any)`: adds a toggle to the indices list, for example to display hidden indices
- `addColumn(column: IndicesListColumn)`: adds a column to the indices list, for example to display an ILM phase
- `setEmptyListContent(content: EmptyListContent)`: replaces the default empty prompt displayed when there are no indices in the indices list. The empty list content has the following interface:
```ts
export interface EmptyListContent {
  renderContent: (args: {
    createIndexButton: ReturnType<FunctionComponent>;
  }) => ReturnType<FunctionComponent>;
}
```

> - `setIndexDetailsPageRoute`: registers a new route for index details page in indices list table. for example for serverless search users, the indices list page index is navigated to search_indices index detail page 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `setIndexDetailsPageRoute`: registers a new route for index details page in indices list table. For example, for serverless search users, navigating to an index on the indices list page will lead to the Search Indices detail page.
```
